Remove pleonasm in Localization using gettext (#4968)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/i18n/localization_using_gettext.rst

After updating the PO template, you will have to update message files so
that they contain new strings, while removing strings that are no longer

> present in the PO template. This can be doneautomatically using the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
present in the PO template. This can be done automatically using the
```
